
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000096                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    96425000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   96425000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 113033                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   232251                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              202697704                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8534236                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       53769                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        110482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         31040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu.data         14400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total             45440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        31040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total        31040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.inst            485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu.data            225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.inst        321908219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu.data        149338864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            471247083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst    321908219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total       321908219                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.inst       321908219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu.data       149338864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           471247083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       485.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       225.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000759205                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState               1438                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                        710                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                      710                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                 45440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                  45440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1               26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14              72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::16              56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::17              55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::18              85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::19              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::20              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::21               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::23               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::24               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::25               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::26               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::27               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::30               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::31               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                     96323500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                  710                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                    564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   264.761905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.677083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   266.783710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127           56     33.33%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255           48     28.57%     61.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           26     15.48%     77.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           11      6.55%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639            8      4.76%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767            2      1.19%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      2.98%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      2.38%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      4.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        31040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        14400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 321908218.822919368744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 149338864.402385264635                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          485                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          225                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16992451                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      7045338                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35035.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31312.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    11618469                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               24037789                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   2365720                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16364.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33856.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      471.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   471.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     535                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    135666.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   75.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            314993.952000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            398048.716800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           1707764.620800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        16624531.526400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        12864875.990400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        272434.982400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   47386093.977600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy   1795281.600000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          81364025.366400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           843.806330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime            80819782                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE        83500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF      4200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      3740465                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     11269370                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     77131665                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy            230787.648000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy            298536.537600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy           1278720.307200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        16624531.526400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        10434576.499200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        603054.681600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy   44702751.744000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy   5021590.560000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          79194549.504000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           821.307228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime            82700388                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       534500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF      4200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN     10460658                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      8475104                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     72754738                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         31232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu.data         14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total             46080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        31232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total        31232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.inst            488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu.data            232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.inst        323899404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu.data        153984962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            477884366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst    323899404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total       323899404                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.inst       323899404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu.data       153984962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           477884366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       488.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       232.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000790292                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState               1460                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                        720                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                      720                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                 46080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                  46080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1               27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12              10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14              74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::16              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::17              57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::18              86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::19              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::20              28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::21               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::22               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::23               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::24               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::25               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::26               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::27               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::28               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::30               7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::31               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::16               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::17               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::18               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::19               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::20               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::21               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::22               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::23               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::24               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::25               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::26               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::27               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::28               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::29               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::30               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::31               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                     96028500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                  720                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                    576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   237.957447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   158.721816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   244.178768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127           67     35.64%     35.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255           60     31.91%     67.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           25     13.30%     80.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511            9      4.79%     85.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      3.72%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      3.19%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      3.19%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.06%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      3.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        31232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        14848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 323899403.681617856026                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 153984962.406015038490                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          488                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data          232                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     15220379                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      7737306                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31189.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33350.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    10363445                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               22957685                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                   2399040                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14393.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31885.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      477.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   477.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     527                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    133372.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            349300.224000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            447804.806400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           1733002.521600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        16624531.526400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        12961125.475200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        495385.766400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   47897889.177600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy   1177128.960000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          81686168.457600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           847.147197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime            80133090                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       427000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF      4200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      2451412                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     11388902                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     77957686                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy            252618.912000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy            331707.264000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy           1295545.574400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        16624531.526400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        10351065.916800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        359440.166400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy   45650084.659200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy   4507796.160000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          79372790.179200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           823.155719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime            83295412                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       175000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF      4200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      9392233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      8358080                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     74299687                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                   18935                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted             18935                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              2264                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                15280                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    1931                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                436                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups           15280                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits               5359                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             9921                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1629                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       16253                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                        9690                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           196                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            54                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                       11061                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           253                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    12                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON        96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           192851                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              46145                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          81378                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                       18935                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               7290                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                         64949                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    4786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           873                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           10                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           90                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                     10904                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   876                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples             114584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.450429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             1.858252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    68312     59.62%     59.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     4108      3.59%     63.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                     1983      1.73%     64.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                     2602      2.27%     67.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                    37579     32.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                4                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total               114584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.098185                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.421973                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    43193                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                 25651                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                     41805                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                  1542                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   2393                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                 157819                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   2393                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    44850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                   10754                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           1294                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                     41581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                 13712                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                 152357                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                    82                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                    176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                  13312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands              164721                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                365987                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups           215185                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups              5817                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                120812                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    43909                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                 24                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts             22                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      2234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                17986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores               11191                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads               193                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores              259                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                     140727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 408                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                    133480                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                17                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           30652                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        34441                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            396                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples        114584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.164910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.652240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               68833     60.07%     60.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                7695      6.72%     66.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2               10298      8.99%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3               12910     11.27%     87.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                8803      7.68%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                5023      4.38%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                1022      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total          114584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     1      4.55%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAes                      0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%      4.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                      7     31.82%     36.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    11     50.00%     86.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                 2      9.09%     95.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite                1      4.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               935      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                103688     77.68%     78.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    6      0.00%     78.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    31      0.02%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  10      0.01%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                  391      0.29%     78.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     78.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                  661      0.50%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                  277      0.21%     79.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 367      0.27%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                186      0.14%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash               0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash             0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3              0      0.00%     79.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                16534     12.39%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                9662      7.24%     99.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             276      0.21%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            456      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                 133480                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.692141                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          22                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.000165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads             375298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes            168504                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       124449                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                6285                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               3301                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3099                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                 129424                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    3143                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.vec_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             2272                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         3997                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2462                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            18                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityCyclesStalled            0                       # Total number of cycles the iew stalled              due to capability check for loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqStoreCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Store at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqLoadCapabilityMissed            0                       # number of Loads at commit without capability check
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedLoads        13989                       # number of commited loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCommitedStores         8729                       # number of commited stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedLoads            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the loads
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.numOfCapabilityCehckedStores            0                       # Total number of capabilities checked for the stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.lsqCapabilityCacheMiss            0                       # Total number of capability cache misses
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   2393                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    5605                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                  2126                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts              141135                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               275                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch              Due to PID Missprediction
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                 17986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                11191                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                151                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     21                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQCapabilityBlockEvent            0                       # number of times the IEW blocked due to a capability check
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  2094                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            586                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2203                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 2789                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                129053                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                 16224                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              4427                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInstsDueToMissPID            0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute              Due to Misspredicted PID
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                        25910                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                    14132                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       9686                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.669185                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                         128352                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                        127548                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     86018                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                    130060                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.661381                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.661372                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           30676                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              12                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              2380                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       108003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.022953                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.753531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        72488     67.12%     67.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         7811      7.23%     74.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         5541      5.13%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10907     10.10%     89.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         3552      3.29%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         1564      1.45%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6140      5.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       108003                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                53769                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                 110482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                          22718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                         13989                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                      12748                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.vec_insts                         0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                       3045                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                    107952                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                 1405                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          357      0.32%      0.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu            85513     77.40%     77.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               6      0.01%     77.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               28      0.03%     77.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             10      0.01%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd             390      0.35%     78.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu             632      0.57%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt             276      0.25%     78.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            366      0.33%     79.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift           186      0.17%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes               0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead           13753     12.45%     91.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite           8292      7.51%     99.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          236      0.21%     99.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          437      0.40%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total            110482                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                  6140                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                       243021                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                      288962                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             623                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           78267                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                       53769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                        110482                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               3.586658                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         3.586658                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.278811                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.278811                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                   177502                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                  101154                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      5705                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                     2451                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                     65668                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                    35962                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                   56113                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.numOutStandingCapabilityCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of R/W Accesses to Capability Cache in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingWriteAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Write Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOutStandingReadAliasCacheAccesses            0                       # Number of Read Accesses to Alias Table in Shadow Memory
system.cpu.numOfAliasTableAccess                    0                       # Number of Checkes for PID Misprediction
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPmAn                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PmAn PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0An                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted P0An PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPnA0                      0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PnA0 PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredict                          0                       # LVPT Mispredicted PIDs
system.cpu.LVPTAccuracy                           nan                       # Overall LVPT Accuracy
system.cpu.numAliasCacheMisses                      0                       # Number of AliasCache Misses
system.cpu.numAliasCacheAccesses                    0                       # Number of Alias Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheMisses                 0                       # Number of Capability Cache Accesses
system.cpu.numCapabilityCacheAccesses               0                       # Number of Capability Cache Misses
system.cpu.overallCapabilityCacheMissRate          nan                       # Overall CapabilityCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.overallAliasCacheMissRate              nan                       # Overall AliasCache Miss Rate
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityCheckMicroops             0                       # number of injected capability check microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityFreeMicroops              0                       # number of injected capability free microops
system.cpu.numOfCapabilityGenMicroops               0                       # number of injected capability gen microops
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0LowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictP0ANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPMANPointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.LVPTMissPredictPNA0PointerLowConfidence            0                      
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           265.346411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs               22319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             48.101293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            175500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   265.346411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.259127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.259127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.438477                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             45504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            45504                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           13388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         8465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           8465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total            21853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total           21853                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          667                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           667                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     31569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31569000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     22419500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22419500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53988500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     53988500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53988500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     53988500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        13789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         8731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        22520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        22520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78725.685786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78725.685786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84283.834586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84283.834586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80942.278861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80942.278861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 80942.278861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80942.278861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          552                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           69                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     17167500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17167500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21985500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21985500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     39153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84568.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84568.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83595.057034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83595.057034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84019.313305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84019.313305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 84019.313305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84019.313305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                     15                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           341.082729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               10603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             10.059772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             87500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   341.082729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.666177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.666177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          490                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             22862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            22862                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            9549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             9549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            9549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        10904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        10904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.124266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.124266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.124266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.124266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.124266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.124266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76308.487085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76308.487085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76308.487085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76308.487085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76308.487085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76308.487085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           96                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           48                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst          300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.096753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.096753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.096753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80316.587678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80316.587678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80316.587678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80316.587678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 80316.587678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80316.587678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    562                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   765.075610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        2094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      1430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.464336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     77000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst       497.077630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data       267.997980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.015170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.008179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.023348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          1430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.043640                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     18190                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    18190                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          561                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              561                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::.cpu.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             79                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 79                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data             7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                    7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  79                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data                   7                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      86                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data             261                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 261                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          974                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              974                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             196                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data                457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   1431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data               457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  1431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     21567000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      21567000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82309000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     82309000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16783000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     16783000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     38350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        120659000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     38350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       120659000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          561                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          561                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data           261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1053                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1053                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data              464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 1517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data             464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                1517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.924976                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.924976                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.924976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.984914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.943309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.924976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.984914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.943309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 82632.183908                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82632.183908                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84506.160164                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84506.160164                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85627.551020                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85627.551020                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84506.160164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83916.849015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84317.959469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 84506.160164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83916.849015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84317.959469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          974                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          974                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          196                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          196                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              1431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             1431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     18957000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18957000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72579000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72579000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14823000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14823000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     72579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     33780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.924976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.924976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.924976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.943309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.924976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.984914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.943309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72632.183908                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72632.183908                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74516.427105                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74516.427105                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75627.551020                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75627.551020                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74516.427105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73916.849015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74324.947589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74516.427105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73916.849015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74324.947589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          1430                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         2860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        45440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        46080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        91520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   91520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    1430    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1430                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              861500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy              892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            7688424                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              8.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         2098                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          583                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     96425000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1257                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              12                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             261                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                  3616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       103296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        29888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 133184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               2                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                       128                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             1521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005917                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.076720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1512     99.41%     99.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      9      0.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               1521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            1614000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1581000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy            697499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
